SOURCE VIDEO TRANSCRIPT (full 4:46 raw recording)
File: /Users/antonabyzov/Movies/DaVinci/Hackathon Anthropic Skill Studio Full.mov
Transcribed via ElevenLabs Scribe (scribe_v1, word-level timestamps), 2026-04-28.

---

Anthropic introduced skills, the primitive of reusable prompts. But how to keep versioning and keep it all updated? I'm Anton Abysov. I've been a software engineer for 20 years, and I poured a lot of heart into Skill Studio. You don't have to manage skills in the terminal anymore. (instrumental music plays) Skill Studio handles all of that. It runs on your laptop. You start it in any folder where you keep skills. Two sections from here. Skills already available or installed on your machine, categorized into project, personal, and plug-ins, and authoring. Start by looking. More than 100,000 skills here. Every single one security scanned and verified before it gets listed. Choose which agentic tool you like most and create a new skill leveraging the best in class Claude Opus 4.7 model, or any other available through OpenRouter, or even free local ones. And always stay on top of any updates that could happen to skills. When you need to upgrade to a newer one, just do it with this simple update button. Let's create a new skill in a new folder called Hi Anton. We run this command and open our browser. With a new skill command, you could generate standalone skill or add it to existing plug-in or generate a new plug-in. Giving it a name and description. Before every user prompt, it should say Hi Anton. There is an opportunity to generate it with AI. Leveraging Anthropic Skill Creator, which is already installed here, we're gonna generate the skill. That's the skill.md file we've got. Finding the skill in the tree. With a test... To generate evals or unit tests, we could leverage our model and click this button, and after some time, we've got our evals generated. Our skill got a version 1.0.0. Let's create a newer version. We have to submit it into verifiedskill.com, and in order to do this, we need to create a GitHub repository. The easiest way probably is to leverage Claude Opus 4.7. Create GitHub repository from my folder. Here we go. This GitHub URL is the one to paste here. Discover skills, and then submitting this. Finding the skill in the submission, and we see that it passes all the validations. This is secure to use. And now, if we go back to Skill Studio and find our skill, we could celebrate the first version we've released. Let's find our skill in the global registry and try to install it. We have a project or user option, or global. This time, let's do it with just project level. Let's type Hi Anton, and here we go. This is installed in our project with version 1.0.0. Let's test this skill. I'm running Claude in this folder, and I'm gonna ask something simple. What is two plus two? And we could see that there was a mistake. It says Hi, enter. Let's go back to our author in this skill. Edit, and correct the mistake two times. Save. The version was updated. Message manually, and commit and push. Once it's published, it's gonna open the page to resubmit our skill. Beautiful. Let's wait for it to be scanned and go back to our Skill Studio. Here is the update. Beautiful. The skill installed is of the version 1.0.1. Let's run Claude in this folder again. Anthropic skills are wonderful, aren't they? And this time, it works beautifully. Amazing. Please like, share, and subscribe.
